How to find the flag ? 

For finding this flag we will use 2 extra tools: Burp Suite and the rockyou.txt password dictionnary
1 - Download & Install Burp Suite Community Edition & Download the rockyou.txt password dictionnary
2 - Launch it
3 - Select 'Temporary project in memory', then click on 'Next' Button
4 - Select 'Use Burp Defaults', then click on 'Start Burp' Button
5 - Select 'Proxy' panel and click on 'Intercept off' to activate the interception. After clicking, it should be On. Then click on 'Open Browser' Button. A default web browser should appear.
6 - On this web browser. In the URL, paste the link of the Darkly IP website to the page that let you signIn (in my case: http://192.168.56.102/?page=signin). Press Enter. This should load undefenetly
7 - Go back on Burp Suite and click on the 'Forward' button, inside the 'Proxy' panel. Now Burp Suite should give you a message like 'Interecept is On'
8 - Go back to the default web browser launched by Burp Suite. You should see the darkly web.
9 - In the login input, write 'admin' and in the password input, write a random password like '123456' and click in Login button.
10 - Then go back to Burp Suite. In the proxy panel, click right on the GET http request, and click on 'Send to intruder'.
11 - Then you go in intruder panel. Inside the main box, you have in the first line the GET http request with the login that you put and the password. Double click on the password to select it entirely and click on "Add ยง" button. 
12 - at the right, in payload, click on 'load' button to let Burp load the rockyou.txt dictionnary. Make Sure payload type is set with 'Simple List'.
13 - Now, still in the intruder panel, at the very right, click on Settings button. In Auto-pause attack section, you have to add: 'win.png'. Why win.png ? Because we know that each time we found a flag (or most of the time), it goes with the image named win.png. It should Enable auto-pause as well. In match type, select 'Simple string'.
14 - Do the same in the box just below called "Grep - Match". Add 'win.png'. It should appear at the bottom of the list.
15 - Now you can start the attack by clicking on 'Start attack', with Sniper Attack mode.
16 - Now a popup should appear that is telling you that the attack has begun. And new page should appear with heading "intruder attack on http://DarklyIP" with every password that Burp is trying to 'Snipe'/Check.
17 - Indication: the password is found before the 100th iteration in the rockyou list. 
   - Indication 2: Check the response number. You can also see the render, to see it 'in live'
   - You can configure the Resource pool to go faster between 2 attacks.
18 - After having waited enough, you can see that there are no more attacks after the 73th password. It stops because with the 73th attack, the browser found 'win.png' image in the webpage. And you can see that the Response number is very differents from the others. Same for 'Length' parameter.